how are you guys doing I've actually
broken down
yes I've broken down and the technicians
are coming to fix this car but in the
meantime I'm gonna be speaking to you
guys about something very important an
allegation which is a very serious
allegation
and subsequent I don't know if it's
imprisonment I should call it or what
term I should use of Andrew Taylor
brother who obviously I've just done a
podcast with now the reason why I didn't
make a video in the first instance is
simply because the situation was ongoing
and sometimes when you make a public
statement in the first couple of weeks
even of an ongoing case it can compound
a problem
but the first thing I want to say is
that it's very clear that from our
perspective not just us Muslims but most
people in the world operate with what is
referred to as natural Justice that
someone is innocent until proven guilty
the problem told us a world which would
be if you don't operate on this very
Paradigm which is that everyone will
just claim the rights of everybody else
somebody would claim the wealth of
another someone will claim the lives of
another
he says
uh that the burden of proof is upon the
one that is making the claim so we just
simply ask if there's any situation
which is being alleged just like with
every other human being on the face of
the Earth we would like to see the
evidence this is something the Quran
repeatedly asked
bring your evidences if you're truthful
now the evidences have not really been
provided for such a serious and
egregious crime of human trafficking
it's a very serious crime and we we
stand in a wholehearted opposition to
such a thing and this must be clear
human trafficking is a modern form of
slavery in fact there's something called
the slavery Act the slavery Act of the
United Kingdom which attempts to track
or to document the amount of human
trafficking that's happening
and I I made a video some years ago and
don't ask me why or how or when
maybe when it's fine some years ago I
just mentioned but in Holland the red
light district or not inside the red
light district but it's around
peripheral areas
and basically a lot of the the argument
I was putting forward to people as to
why this is immoral even on the liberal
paradigm part of it was because of the
abuse it facilitates for a lot of women
human trafficking is an abusive
situation a horrible one it's completely
unislamic but of course if someone's
going to be accused of something like
that my question is please provide the
evidence or my statement is that
if there is no evidence there is no case
having said that I'll be honest with you
we as Muslims from a theological
perspective believe that if someone
becomes a Muslim that whatever they've
done in the past whether it is murder or
shook which we believe is a higher form
of
uh moral
uh decadence or moral aberration
Is Forgiven anyway now I'm not saying
that therefore he's absorbed from
anything or therefore people or victims
potential victims or anything like that
that we're going to minimize pain of any
no because that's another issue in fact
Islam says although you come into Islam
uh it's not a get out of jail free card
from for example if you had taken from
the rights of the creation now we're not
saying that he has or hasn't the life
that he was obviously living before was
an unislamic Life by his own admission
he referred to himself as an atheist in
the past we've seen this and also the
fact he he said with his own words
Andrew takes him that he was living a
semi-headedness uh hedonistic lifestyle
so obviously all of that stuff is on
Islamic
um it's it's his biggest belief
sometimes that we have to kind of
mention that now there are some things
words of disbelief and so on that have
come out after his
um you know
uh conversion after the podcast that
we've done so people think that so I've
asked him about that and he said that
those things have asked them personally
were recorded before and then released
afterwards now the despite
notwithstanding these points there are
some things which are still problematic
which have been coming out of as Twitter
feeds and stuff like that
but there is something called in Islam
which is that the excuse of ignorance
someone has just come into Islam you
have to excuse some of their even some
words of koffer or disbelief or whatever
because they are new to their fresh the
religion of Islam is just reading he was
going into the prison and just reading
the translation of the Quran or
something like that so just give the man
some uh time well I would say also in
addition to all of this guys is that to
be honest with you
yes uh
there are some things which in my in my
behavior and in Andrew takes Behavior
many other people's behavior
extroverts in general which we can
we can exhibit what can seemingly be
seen or could be yes arrogance I'm gonna
be very clear about that and I don't
absolved for answers you know I don't
absolve myself from this myself and
that's why I feel kind of uncomfortable
making this point because the thing is
some will say well look at it Andrew
Tate I mean why are you
why haven't you addressed the fact that
the man has got a pompous
self-aggrandizing self-congratulating
tone the reason why I don't speak about
humility to people like Andrew Tate is
because I myself need lessons in it you
know the Quran says
why do you say that which you do not do
okay I don't I can't give anybody a
lesson in something I don't have because
something or someone bereft of equality
cannot give it
all I can do or faculty the the famous
Arabic saying all I can do is point
people to some verses and say listen I'm
still I'm still working on this stuff
myself does Andrew Taylor Muhammad other
people exhibit Islamic humility I don't
think so at all and of course that is
something from Muhammad and Andrew Tay
and other exhibitionists extroverted
individuals who if we yeah I mean even
even you could say have narcissistic
traits or of course narcissism is a
problematic notion I was reading a book
recently actually called The Narcissist
test I like the way the author
um describes nothing as a sliding scale
of self-importance I think that was a
good way of putting it and certainly and
and he basically makes the argument that
you can't be completely cause uh the
opposite of a narcissist and echoist he
said if you're an echoist you're going
to be a self-denier so there is a middle
ground once again a virtue to be found
between being a so-called echoist and a
narcissist a happy medium and middle
ground a virtuous middle and that isn't
found in let's say Muhammad hijab or
Andrew and other people and that's not
where you're meant to look for virtue
anyway you're meant to look for virtue
from the prophets we have
6236 verses of the Quran we have so much
narrations of the Prophet Muhammad
the the character or the museeba or the
Calamity that befalls the Muslim people
today is that because this is a lacking
of I'll be honest with you uh kind of
masculine energy if you want to put it
like that from the religious clergy who
have been
you know I don't I don't want to use any
but who who because there's no actual
defense or defensive Jihad or you're
fighting or conquering or any of these
things or uh going on that men have
reduced in their ability to exhibit
certain characteristics so someone like
Andrew Tate is going to attract young
men that's why he has such a great
following within Muslim men because
unfortunately religious in the religious
clergy and some especially in the
English-speaking World religious people
they don't exhibit that level of uh if
you want to call it that traditional
masculinity or whatever it may be
so he's appealing to them but it doesn't
mean that that's a perfect model of
course it's not it's far from quite
frankly and as I've said there's many
things he said and done videos that he
has which are unislamic to watch and I'm
saying this very clearly to young people
filled with promiscuity filled with
wrong Notions like one wrong notion I
would say and hopefully he has changed
it and if not there's time for him to do
so
is the importance and rotate in the past
has placed on Military capability or the
monetary capability of a man
um in my view this is a misguided notion
because
and I thought this was the RAC guy yeah
because actually
you know uh because actually the Quran
there is clearly states that the people
who are raised and ranked the high value
people if you like both men and women
I'm not saying that to try and be woke
or left-wing because I'm far from any of
that stuff
but is an increase in knowledge and
Faith Allah says
that Allah raises in rank amongst you
those who have higher faith and higher
knowledge
and obviously the most important
knowledge is religious knowledge the
promise
whoever Allah wants good for that he
gives them
understanding of the religion but that
doesn't just it's not just specified to
religion because
every morning and evening saying Allah
I seek from you a goodly provision
a useful knowledge so knowledge is and
if you look in the history of the world
you'll find that the most influential
people okay of course influence itself
is a concept which must be unpacked and
spoken about there's different
definitions and different
uh conceptions of it but just for the
sake of Simplicity and brevity
I'll say that if you look at some lists
that have been you know put in place by
some individuals like Pantheon or
whether even though a lot of them are
eurocentric Western Pro Western Centric
some of them are not I mean some of
these lists have the problem as a top of
them you'll find that the most
influential people in human history have
been either thinkers or political actors
why because they've had the most
demographic uh or the most um
demographic or you know changing effect
on on demography on sociology on
politics uh on culture
what made him the most influential man
in human history with the majority of
these lesbian accumulated even by
non-muslims agreeing to such uh a thing
is that he was able to change all these
different spheres of influence
uh the religious sociological or the
social or the political and the
geopolitical and so on and so forth
it's it was Revolution in every sphere
ideas have a this is an uncontroversial
statement ideas
have a more lasting
effect or more influential impact than
money unless of course money is geared
for the formulation of ideas or the
production of knowledge or or of course
for military reasons that we've seen
that you'd have to really compete
heavily with money the money that would
be required in order to compete with the
global hegemony now which is the United
States of America for example in
military would not be the kind of money
that only one person can can accumulate
so what I'm saying is that this these
Notions need to be re-evaluated however
having said that so there's two or three
things I want to say in this video guys
number one
in relation to Andrew Tate and the
allegations there just simply isn't any
evidence and and unfortunately
um people are jumping on the bandwagon
about bandwagon and they're saying
things that
is just pushing
the Islamic boundaries especially from
our communities you cannot
celebrate the uh the imprisonment of a
brother a Muslim brother who you're
meant to love who in Islam Allah and the
prophet saws advise us or command us
even to love follow brothers and there's
a there's a commodity there's a there's
a there is a Brotherhood there is a
family this is all a family Islamic
family the ummah seeing another person
being punished to go and put in prison
this says something about one's own face
I don't how can you like that kind of
thing as a Muslim how can you want that
kind of thing for a newly practiced
Muslim do not feel sympathy or do not
feel some level of sadness seeing the
brother go into the prison with a Quran
in his hand in the English language
trying his best to learn even before he
was asking some questions and he you can
see his genuine authentic I sat with him
we sat with him after the podcast and he
seemed
he seemed very authentic I have to say
to you so I am not happy with what's
happened why because he's our brother
he's in our family he's our family now
there's a there's a degree of loyalty
that I have for all the Muslim people
including but not limited to Andrew take
so long as you are not a monarchic and
not a hypocrite and not someone who's
treacherous to our community then we
have to be loyal to you
that's the first thing the second thing
is
the second thing is of course there's
some things in the Andrew tape product
or brand or whatever you want to call it
which are and or have been historically
honestly can continue to be but the man
is a new Muslim and it's always been the
case in Islam where we make provision
kind of for new Muslims or Yani we give
them a chance and these captain man is
coming from a very strong kind of
jahiliyah like he's coming from a
situation where he's really had a lot of
Temptations in the Dunya in the world
and so you've got to give them a little
bit more time so my what I want to say
to the people here is
I have personally been inundated with
messages and videos and all kinds of
things of people embracing Islam because
of this guy because he became Muslim
Islam
even people may not notice they there
was a category of recipient of zakat
which is the pillar of Islam meant for
people who are sympathetic to Islam
which are called them
you see uh the fact that people who are
influential and he is influential I'm
not talking about his his influential
even from um
uh I would even say a cultural
perspective yes from a discourse
perspective someone like Andrew Tate
extremely influential especially to
young people coming into the religion of
Islam is something we should want to
preserve and the some the fact that some
of us don't want to preserve that or are
angry or with him or resent him or want
to see him in pain or something like
that may indicate that our allegiances
are not in the right place
and someone will say well Muhammad
you're being very gender biased if this
was a woman uh then you wouldn't have
the same attitude if this was a woman
this and that and no I'm not and no
we're not for example Sinead O'Connor
she became a Muslim and she lived a very
unislamic life before and she was
celebrated by the entire Muslim
Community none of her previous sins in
fact I I challenge anyone to bring even
forth some level
of criticism of senado
about her previous misgivings and sins
that rivaled that of Andrew take that
you won't find it at all and in fact I
believe that this feminist influence uh
individuals who are jumping up and down
because they're triggered by Andrew tape
for whatever four reasons some of them
are justifiable and some of them are not
you see they would not be able to they
would be very upset yes at Muslim people
doing the same kind of thing with
someone like Sinead O'Connor who became
a Muslim and who was welcomed within the
community without almost any mention of
her previous sins or misgiving so this
idea of you're creating a fake gender
narrative
there is recent or contemporary examples
of uh individuals who have become
Muslims who are women
who have not received the treatment that
Andrew Tate has received and I do think
that it's an intentional maligning and
manipulation of the narrative which
needs to be called out it says who who
the the true people who have been gender
biased in this situation have been those
who have been triggered by Andrew Tay
and we've already spoken uh about that
so I I think that
the lessons in summary therefore because
I've spoken for quite some time I'll say
the following number one in relation to
the allegations there is actually no
evidence so
what am I what am I meant to do with
this what are we meant to do you you
have not provided any evidence you've
just made a claim
so what what I mean what are we meant to
do with that number one number two
uh yes there's some things in the Andrew
tape brand which are totally in
commensurate in attitude in speech and
in Vice
with the Islamic Narrative of course
there is and you'd be a fool not to know
that uh of course we're not telling you
to go copy him or me or anybody else
said
that everybody
you take something from them and you
reject something from them except for
the prophet Muhammad he pointed at the
cover of the Prophet Muhammad
what I'm saying to you therefore is
don't look at Andrew Tay as a final
finished article product uh role model
of course he's not he's a new Muslim
give him time to acclimatize to the
environment
and also I'd add to that those who are
happy to see the man go into prison you
might have something wrong with your
Iman or there might be some
trauma that you've gone through in life
and to give you some which his kind of
parlance and discourse disturbs you in
which case you need to work on yourself
a man or woman whoever you may be used
to work on yourself because you know
Sinead O'Connor or somebody else coming
into Islam doesn't upset you as much
there was a model who became a Muslim a
French model recently
you know no one's speaking badly about a
very famous French model she's a woman
many women in fact the majority of
converts that come to some are women
they're not got me treated in the way
that to be honest this guy's treated
some of them are come from very uh
Yankee strong Germany backgrounds
and finally I would say
you know
um
what was the final point I want to make
yeah the final part I wanted to make to
you guys is
um yes just follow the prophet Muhammad
follow Islam because at the end of the
day a lot of the reason why we're not
getting yes we're not getting
um why young people are going to someone
like Andrew Tate is because there's a
death
in the masculine product in traditional
masculinity there's a dearth in
traditional masculinity that what is
required is for people not just to show
uh humility and compassion but also to
show bravery and assertion and these
kinds of things I Undertaker if Muslim
men held that standard if there's a lot
of Muslim men that did that then young
Muslim men wouldn't be looking at
andreate as a role model that replaces
the Imam or the father that has got in
the house that I can't fight and can't
speak
uh or can cannot you know make a point
where properly because they haven't uh
studied so these are the kinds of things
I would uh say and hopefully
hopefully he comes out of prison
inshallah uh you know Allah gives him
Victory and gives the Muslims Victory
against these forces which are very uh
negative forces or some other class okay